Data Description:
The present tables contain 3D 2-layer NoC Mesh topology for random break-in links (0,5,10,15,20 %) over nodes of the NoC network.
Performance matrix in terms of throughput and delay over multilayer NoC Mesh topology with normal channels and with virtual channels.
The table 1 represents the  various parameters which are customized for 3D NoC model over FTP and CBR traffic applications. The major parameters are type of topology, communication element, transmission protocol, routing scheme, routing protocol, queue mechanism, simulation time and numbers of nodes in Mesh topology. These parameters are selected to generate three major scenarious described in table 2-7. These major scenarios are  consists of  throughput and delay performance for FTP and CBR applications, The  table 2 describes the throughput versus packet size for 2 layer NoC Mesh topology for random break-in links(0%,5%,10%,15%, and 20 %) over FTP and CBR traffic applications, and table 3 presents the delay versus packet size for 2 layer NoC Mesh topology for random break-in links(0%,5%,10%,15%, and 20 %) over FTP and CBR traffic application. The said scenario is extended further  with 2 to 8 multilayer NoC Mesh topology with a virtual channel and with normal channels again over FTP and CBR traffic with the variation of throughput versus packet size presented in table 4, and table 5 shows the data delay versus packet size. Later the study is extended for  the 18x18 nodes with 2 layer NoC model having one vertical channel at center sphere link, 4  vertical channel at mid sphere links, 4  vertical channel at periphery sphere links, and all channel combines , over FTP traffic throughput v/s packet size describes the data in table 6 and the  table 7 represents traffic delay v/s packet size . The present data describes the data in three case studies. Case study I describe the data of 3D 2-layer NoC Mesh topology for random break-in links, case study II presents data with normal channels and with virtual channels, and case study III explain the data vertical channel at the center sphere link, four vertical channel at mid sphere links, four vertical channel at periphery sphere links. 
